that's a good question i'd have you made
you have a lot of possession lot of
money in the bank for you shall make
i'm finally back in the booth of feels
good to be home and i'm feeling like the
brains she can hear it in my tone still
it Matt you were like I'm stuck in a
dome Liz what was
surrey introduction I mr. jg since I've
been gone the game's gonna shoot I don't
care about the bitches you get all the
money you said I know dude struggling I
paint brand no kids fucking nice who's
never get fed and I know people to
gutter is that bad if I could album at
that I love the fucking warned the
government sure but we know that won't
happen and we are the ones suffer rent
from the actions nothing that enough do
we live on with subtraction time
about the fraction killing each other
they love banana actions restinpeace
Nana I only find a better day cuz the
world Ben Fox and she went away we
shooting down planes that's insane they
kill the kids these people have no
brains wanna be kings in the jungle with
no mains opinion versus opinion there's
no saying my opinion is I wanna have a
safer world I'm trying to raise a baby
girl but the world get more racist
racist but the world get more violent
stylistic the money for my daughter and
my puppy so we can do a chill on a
mother fucking Island with friends
family everyone that we love the world's
fucked up like a too many drugs it sucks
that we never one who's gonna change it
up on the trouble
motherfuckin exercise everybody got
Henry Laura delivery government